Hanamizukan-Congratulations
About half
It was a wonderful race first time
I would like a word on your impression over and over
Even so, the economy is tense though the idol figure is
Yes I got a really strong figure but not only a cute but strong figure
Can be shown to be a man
How about the priesthood after coming out to the main horse from the paperback
was
I was a little frustrated because my ancestors were new to me
Yes, I thought it would be very good after Shibata
That's right that expectation has swelled
And even from the start as early as the count and also in front of the stand
From the beginning to the first corner early
I guess it wasn't going to happen
Investigation I wanted to succeed to some extent
As I was slightly different in front of the auction round stand, I abandoned the interest rate.
If you let me go from there to the head
I think it is good
I moved to that destination but
And take the lead
Then I can get a little more concerned about it and relax and run
Was
And since I hit it first, the water was so good
Inside to sos
Aim for activation in front of the station
I think it feels good
Another 3 laps and 4 corners of lap 2
I was feeling separated and I decided that I was in a good mood myself
I wonder
That's right
Holding the pace of a certain level of Ema
My father went to Syria very much to Black Ship
It should be no longer working
And last but not least was Chiba's examination.
There was also a story that it was not only cute but also strong
I'm looking forward to it
That's right
I live now
There is also a place that looks a little like father
It's a very powerful run
that
The image changes but it is very difficult when riding
It is also strong
It is really hard to hold back the UK
I think this future is also fun, but today is a lot of fans
It is an avoidance town town arrival
I have no chance to show again
If it doesn't do so from now on really
Cheered by many fans
Please support me from now on because it can be active
We expect achievement of Takeda City
Two years ago at Kawasaki Racecourse, the work of the award ceremony being dirty
receive